You don't have to worry too much about heart disease
It's all small problems
But it's you?
Have a good rest.
The problem is your legs
There is still a possibility of recovery
Is what you said true?
Miss Qin, here I come
How do you feel now? Better
Zhang Xiner, one of the ten great doctors of elves
His grandfather has a close relationship with Master Su's grandfather
Master Su and Zhang Xiner are also like brother and sister
You're okay now.
Thanks to Brother Su for saving people in time
What a pity, such a beautiful sister
Finally, there is no escape from the Yechen grinder
Hey, in the end, he seems to be saving Ye Chen
Almost died
Brother Su, what are you talking about?
Did I say something?
Hahaha, my hearing has been sensitive since I was a child.
I must have heard it right.
What is Ye Chen?
What's going on?
This should save people and capture their hearts
Why did Su Yize run to save people?
How the hell do I know?
I only cooperate with you because you are really capable.
If you can't figure it out, don't blame me for turning my face and not recognizing people
It's all this stupid Su who came out to spoil the situation
But
Everything is under my control
Just wait and see the show
I hope you don't let me down.
Just a stepping stone
That's a lot of crap.
Go when you're done using it
And that Young Master Su also has to die
Only I deserve these beautiful women